[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114270)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-compliance-fetching-compliance-remediation-details.adoc

[id="fetching-compliance-remediation-details_{context}"]
= Fetching compliance remediation details

[role="_abstract"]

> The Compliance Operator provides remediation objects that are used to automate the changes required to make the cluster compliant. The `fetch-fixes` subcommand can help you understand exactly which configuration remediations are used. Use the `fetch-fixes` subcommand to extract the remediation objects from a profile, rule, or `ComplianceRemediation` object into a directory to inspect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Compliance Operator provides remediation objects that are used to automate the changes required to make the cluster compliant. You can use the `fetch-fixes` subcommand to help you understand exactly which configuration remediations are used. 

The `fetch-fixes` extracts the remediation objects from a profile, rule, or `ComplianceRemediation` object into a directory for you to inspect.
```
